>> Maximiliano Firtman: We still want more
thing to solve, and that is what happens
if I'm using a wrong ID movie,
an ID that doesn't exist, okay?
I'm seeing this which is not really good,
and
probably I'm having a console
error at some point, okay?
It Go to read the properties
of that movie.
So to solve the problem, we need a way to
show a nice error message to the user.
So to do that, in case you
are following along with the material,
we are an e5 error messages.
So we need to go to index HTML
actually somewhere here, for example,
after the main, we are going to
create a dialogue element and
call it other model, other dialogue.
I'm not sure if you have
ever used dialogue before.
So this is not a web component
that has no dash, no hyphen, so
it's actually from the browser, okay?
And inside here, for example,
I will just say error and a message,
like there was an error,
something loading the page, like that.
And a button, let's say I'm
sure if I will use a class and
on click, we need to do something,
we are now okay, okay?
And okay, that's the HTML,
we can add more things later.
But now we need a way to use it,
because if I save this and refresh.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: That dialogue
is not really appear in anywhere, okay?
Not even if I go to the homepage,
it's not there, even if it's in the HTML,
exactly the template, okay?
It's waiting for you to use it later but
it's not rendering it in the DOM.
We're actually in the layout,
the visual layout is in the DOM, but
not in the visual layout.
So that's why we knew,
for example, in Node.js,
we can have a method that we can call
from anywhere, it can be Show Error,
that it may receive a message and
do something with it.
Also, if we don't receive a message,
we can set the default message
like there was an error, whatever.
Also, we can add a second argument,
go to home, for
example, if we found an error
that we can't solve,
we can send the user to the home,
because we want to.
And what to do with this?
Well, I'm going to get the element by ID
or query selector, it's just the same.
So I will take that alert model,
that's the idea I use,
I will say, show model.
So and because I have a message,
I will take query selector from that alert
model add the paragraph inside it.
So remember that in the HTML we
have a paragraph inside this one,
so I'm going to change
the text of that paragraph.
So I will just say text
content equals to the message
that we receive here as an argument, okay?
Makes sense?
And then if you wanna go to home,
we know how to go to home,
up router, go forward slash.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Okay?
And we have Show Error,
we should have a hide or
a close, that will just close the model.
So instead of show Model,
we also have a closeModel,
that we can call from the OK button.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Okay?
This is a browser API as well.
So you can see no libraries,
no dependencies,
so now I can go to my index, HTML, and
I can fill this with app,
close error, okay?
Pretty simple, it's not really a big deal.
So that means that now if we
are going to movie details page,
we are trying to get a movie and
we have an error, okay?
So if the movie does not exist or if we
have an error, here we have an alert.
Actually, we're not Seen that error,
we should see why.
But actually here we can try
to show the error message, and
also we can see the error
message because it's global.
We can actually see it from the console,
so app, and
we can remember app has the router,
I need to refresh app, okay, there we are.
App dot and
you can see that we have now, loops,
right there, Show Error as an option.
So app Show Error with no arguments,
looks like this.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Okay, nice,
this one is not working, it's not closing,
so we'll see why.
We have a bug there, when I'm trying to
close, close model is not a function,
okay, we'll see why, because it's close,
not close model, my bad.
So App.js is just close.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Like that, okay?
Let's try again, so if I force an error,
I see that nice message
I could change also
the message, blah, blah, blah, okay?
So it actually works, so
now anywhere in my app,
when I wanna show an error message,
I have that model.
Of course, you can create different
models with different colors, with CSS,
showing you different stuff, there is no
need to install a library or something.
And everything is model, which means if
you try to click something like here,
it's not clickable, so it's not working,
it's actually a model window.
>> Speaker 2: Are you defining
the model window somewhere explicitly?
>> Maximiliano Firtman: No,
this is part of the browser, so
it's part of the HTML spec,
the model and HTML spec.
>> Speaker 2: Because, yeah,
you had a close model method,
I think you were calling-
>> Maximiliano Firtman: This one,
you say, or?
No, I had a close model,
but it was my bad,
actually, it's called close,
not close model.
>> Speaker 2: And
then you have show model, okay, yeah,
does that then turn in that?
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Exactly,
that's, that's, that's,
the trick is to get the element from
the DOM and then call show model.
And that show model is actually part
of the API from the browser that will
pop up the model, and
then the design is actually CSS.
So if you go to style CSS and
you search for alert.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: For
model, here you have the CSS to
make the background color
like this with a border.
And you can set the backdrop It is
a pseudo element, it's double column.
That's a pseudo element where I'm sending
the blur effect that you see
there over the backdrop, okay?
That's all.
>> Speaker 3: So
does escape work too to close the model?
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Nope, so
let's see, so the question is,
if I use my keyboard and
press escape, okay?
Well, first I need to focus there.
>> Speaker 2: But we could.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Again, if I have
the focus on there and not on the console,
if I press escape, it goes back.
Yeah, by default, models,
to be honest that depends on the browser,
but I think that most of browser at this
point they are using the escape key.
And if not, you can read the key
key press and do it yourself.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Okay, cool?
Any other question?
>> Speaker 3: The styling,
the blur and all of that,
that comes from the CSS, right?
>> Maximiliano Firtman: That's CSS,
that's pure CSS.
So actually it's a filter,
you can see it here, backdrop filter or
you can play with this and
do it less more.
You can play with those
bio change the background,
make it more red forever,
and see how it looks like.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: So
the greater the value,
the greater the lure effect
that you will see, okay?
So you can play with that until
you're happy with the results,
that's just two lines of CSS,
that's all, okay?
When a framework, yeah,
you have style dependency,
that dependency has the dependency
on other trade dependencies, and
then fame machines that now you ship and
blah, blah, blah.
Well, you can make it, yeah,
if you want to customize it a lot,
you will need a lot of CSS,
but yeah, you can do it.